Deprecated react removal (#45426)
mui/material-ui: docs/data/material/guides/typescript/typescript.md

<!-- #repo-reference -->

> Material UI requires a minimum version of TypeScript 4.7. Have a look at the [Vite with TypeScript](https://github.com/mui/material-ui/tree/master/examples/material-ui-vite-tailwind-ts) example.

Reviewer: Let's go with a Tailwind-free setup for this

```suggestion
Material UI requires a minimum version of TypeScript 4.7. 
See the [Vite with TypeScript scaffold](https://github.com/mui/material-ui/tree/master/examples/material-ui-vite-ts) for an example of the correct configuration.
```
